<head>
    <script src="https://cdn.mathjax.org/mathjax/latest/MathJax.js?config=TeX-AMS-MML_HTMLorMML" type="text/javascript"></script>
    <script type="text/x-mathjax-config">
        MathJax.Hub.Config({
            tex2jax: {
            skipTags: ['script', 'noscript', 'style', 'textarea', 'pre'],
            inlineMath: [['$','$']]
            }
        });
    </script>
</head>

---
layout: post
title: Hello
# subtitle: Excerpt from Soulshaping by Jeff Brown
# cover-img: /assets/img/path.jpg
# thumbnail-img: /assets/img/thumb.png
# share-img: /assets/img/path.jpg
tags: [Hello]
author: Xiang Xie
usemathjax: true
---
$\Sigma$
{: .box-success}
This is a demo post to show you how to write blog posts with markdown.  I strongly encourage you to [take 5 minutes to learn how to write in markdown](https://markdowntutorial.com/) - it'll teach you how to transform regular text into bold/italics/tables/etc.<br/>I also encourage you to look at the [code that created this post](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/daattali/beautiful-jekyll/master/_posts/2020-02-28-sample-markdown.md) to learn some more advanced tips about using markdown in Beautiful Jekyll.

**Here is some bold text**

## Here is a secondary heading

[This is a link to a different site](https://deanattali.com/) and [this is a link to a section inside this page](#local-urls).

Here's a table:

| Number | Next number | Previous number |
| :------ |:--- | :--- |
| Five | Six | Four |
| Ten | Eleven | Nine |
| Seven | Eight | Six |
| Two | Three | One |

How about a yummy crepe?

It can also be centered!

Here's a code chunk:

~~~
var foo = function(x) {
  return(x + 5);
}
foo(3)
~~~

And here is the same code with syntax highlighting:

```javascript
var foo = function(x) {
  return(x + 5);
}
foo(3)
```
$\sigma$

And here is the same code yet again but with line numbers:

{% highlight javascript linenos %}
var foo = function(x) {
  return(x + 5);
}
foo(3)
{% endhighlight %}

## Boxes
You can add notification, warning and error boxes like this:

### Notification

{: .box-note}
**Note:** This is a notification box.

### Warning

{: .box-warning}
**Warning:** This is a warning box.

### Error

{: .box-error}
**Error:** This is an error box.

## Local URLs in project sites {#local-urls}

When hosting a *project site* on GitHub Pages (for example, `https://USERNAME.github.io/MyProject`), URLs that begin with `/` and refer to local files may not work correctly due to how the root URL (`/`) is interpreted by GitHub Pages. You can read more about it [in the FAQ](https://beautifuljekyll.com/faq/#links-in-project-page). To demonstrate the issue, the following local image will be broken **if your site is a project site:**


If the above image is broken, then you'll need to follow the instructions [in the FAQ](https://beautifuljekyll.com/faq/#links-in-project-page). Here is proof that it can be fixed:
